Readme.md, before:

This is the first repository created for learning purpose

How to learn anything in less than 20 hrs

1) 20 hours rule
2) Deconstruct the skill
3) Use the Feynman technique
4) Leverage spaced repetition
5) Embrace mistakes
6) Use technology

1) 20 hours Rule :
   Allocate dedicated time (Time block)
   Remove any distractions
   Practise in intense, short sessions (<2hrs)

 2) Deconstruct the skill : Breakdown any skill into smaller, manageable chunks  >> Going PRECISE :
    Identify key components of the skill
    Pracitce each component separately
    Once you've mastered each part, start combining them

  3) Use the Feynman technique :
     Teach it to child
     Identify gaps in your explanation
     Review & simplify the concept until you can explain it to a 5-yr old

  4) Spaced Repetition
     Revisit the skill or topic on a consistent cadence. Best practise is monthly.

  5) Embrace mistakes: Be okay screwing up... Fear of mistakes can slow down learning...
     Make mistakes a part of your learning journey
     Mistakes unlock knowledge gaps
     Progress >> Perfection

 6) Use Technology : Take advantage of technology. TECHNOLOGY is the FORCE MULTIPLIER to your learning
    Coursera, Udemy, Khan academy
    Use AI as an intellectual sparring partner

Commit message:

Update Readme.md to include my Java Construction Plan

Readme.md, after:

This is the first repository created for learning purpose

How to learn anything in less than 20 hrs

1) 20 hours rule
2) Deconstruct the skill
3) Use the Feynman technique
4) Leverage spaced repetition
5) Embrace mistakes
6) Use technology

1) 20 hours Rule :
   Allocate dedicated time (Time block)
   Remove any distractions
   Practise in intense, short sessions (<2hrs)
   *********************************************
   Weekdays :  8am  - 9am
   Weekends :  10am - 6pm (5hrs)

 3) Deconstruct the skill : Breakdown any skill into smaller, manageable chunks  >> Going PRECISE :
    Identify key components of the skill
    Pracitce each component separately
    Once you've mastered each part, start combining them
    Deconstruct Java:
    *****************
    Part-1: variables, data types, control structures (if-else, loops), functions, and basic syntax.
    Part-2: Data structures & algorithms ( arrays, linked lists, trees, etc.) and algorithms )
    Part-3: Read Other People's Code, get feedback for your code from others
    Part-4: Keep urself updated with latest trends, libraries
    
  5) Use the Feynman technique :
     Teach it to child
     Identify gaps in your explanation
     Review & simplify the concept until you can explain it to a 5-yr old
     Practice,Practice,Practice:
     ***************************
     - Teach Jay / Bino / Revathy / Nisha / Shwetha
      
  7) Spaced Repetition
     Revisit the skill or topic on a consistent cadence. Best practise is monthly.
     *************************** Schedule Monthly Reverse KT from the student ***************************

  9) Embrace mistakes: Be okay screwing up... Fear of mistakes can slow down learning...
     Make mistakes a part of your learning journey
     Mistakes unlock knowledge gaps
     Progress >> Perfection

 10) Use Technology : Take advantage of technology. TECHNOLOGY is the FORCE MULTIPLIER to your learning
    Coursera, Udemy, Khan academy
    Use AI as an intellectual sparring partner
    ******************************************
      - Find best AI tools for learning Java
      - Keep using the tool parallely
